Add memory tracker params (#1866)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/5.configurations-and-logs/1.configurations/4.storage-config.md

{{ ent.ent_end }}

## memory tracker configurations

| Name                 | Predefined value                   | Description                               |
| :------------------- | :------------------------ | :------------------------------------------ |

> |`memory_tracker_limit_ratio`    |`0.8`  | The percentage of free memory. When the free memory is lower than this value, NebulaGraph stops querying. <br/> Calculated as follows: <br/> `Free memory / (Total memory - Reserved memory)` <br/> **Note**: For clusters with a mixed-used environment, the value of `memory_tracker_limit_ratio` should be set to a **lower** value. For example, when Graphd is expected to occupy only 50% of memory, the value can be set to less than `0.5`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`memory_tracker_limit_ratio`    |`0.8`  | The percentage of free memory. When the free memory is lower than this value, NebulaGraph stops accepting queries. <br/> Calculated as follows: <br/> `Free memory / (Total memory - Reserved memory)` <br/> **Note**: For clusters with a mixed-used environment, the value of `memory_tracker_limit_ratio` should be set to a **lower** value. For example, when Graphd is expected to occupy only 50% of memory, the value can be set to less than `0.5`.|
```

|`memory_tracker_untracked_reserved_memory_mb`    |`50`| The reserved memory that is not tracked by the memory tracker. Unit: MB.|
|`memory_tracker_detail_log`    |`false` | Whether to enable the memory tracker log. When the value is `true`, the memory tracker log is generated.|
|`memory_tracker_detail_log_interval_ms`    |`60000`| The time interval for generating the memory tracker log. Unit: Millisecond. `memory_tracker_detail_log` is `true` when this parameter takes effect.|
|`memory_purge_enabled`    |`true` |Whether to enable the memory purge feature. When the value is `true`, the memory purge feature is enabled.|

> |`memory_purge_interval_seconds`    |`10` |The time interval for the memory purge feature to purge memory. Unit: Second. `memory_purge_enabled` is `true` when this parameter takes effect.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`memory_purge_interval_seconds`    |`10` |The time interval for the memory purge feature to purge memory. Unit: Second. This parameter only takes effect if `memory_purge_enabled` is set to true.|
```

> |`memory_purge_interval_seconds`    |`10` |The time interval for the memory purge feature to purge memory. Unit: Second. `memory_purge_enabled` is `true` when this parameter takes effect.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`memory_purge_interval_seconds`    |`10` |The time interval for the memory purge feature to purge memory. Unit: Second. This parameter only takes effect if `memory_purge_enabled` is set to true.|
```
